README.md, before:

# Librarian

<img src="https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/b9d7cf9f-afa9-4826-939d-5cc93ccdc1de" align="right" style="width: 210px;"/>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/cmoisdead/librarian" alt="GitHub stars">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/cmoisdead/librarian" alt="GitHub issues">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/cmoisdead/librarian" alt="GitHub forks">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/CMOISDEAD/librarian" alt="GitHub license">
</div>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This is a work-in-progress and not the finished product.
> Librarian will be constantly updated and is not yet ready for its first release. But soon it will be.

> The librarian is the torchbearer, inheriting the legacy of the next library's vision, nurturing its spirit, and guiding its evolution into the future.

Created with the intention of being a simple and easy-to-use book management system, Librarian is a desktop application build over web technologies, that allows you to manage your book collection. You can add, remove, and edit books, authors, categories and much more.

## 📷 Showcase

| Light                                                                                                   | Dark                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![light](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/3cf8a24d-9401-4bd7-a0ee-aa8197afa69a)   | ![dark_1](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/a194cacd-b26b-4351-849d-61cf6dd1eeb6) |
| ![light_2](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/2d3baff0-da34-42e8-8696-01be7c322f9b) | ![dark_2](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/1934be35-085e-4019-a974-3ade73516f99) |

- **Simple and intuitive**: Librarian is designed to be easy to use, with a clean, modern and intuitive interface.
- **Escalable**: Librarian is built with scalability in mind, so you can manage your entire book collection with ease. Thanks to its database system, you can store as many data as you want.
- **Open Source**: Librarian is open source, so you can contribute to its development, report bugs, or suggest new features.
- **Cross-platform**: Librarian is built with web technologies, so it can run on Windows, macOS, and Linux.
- **Privacy**: Librarian does not collect any data from its users, so you can use it with peace of mind. Your data is stored locally on your computer.

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Go to the [releases](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/releases) page and download the latest version of Librarian for your operating system.
2. Install the application on your computer.
3. Open the application and start managing your book collection.

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

feat!: Prisma logic for environment-based database selection
Add Prisma logic to dynamically determine database connection based on
current environment (dev/prod).
Update README with current status information.

README.md, after:

# Librarian

<img src="https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/b9d7cf9f-afa9-4826-939d-5cc93ccdc1de" align="right" style="width: 210px;"/>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/cmoisdead/librarian" alt="GitHub stars">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/cmoisdead/librarian" alt="GitHub issues">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/cmoisdead/librarian" alt="GitHub forks">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/CMOISDEAD/librarian" alt="GitHub license">
</div>

> [!NOTE]
> This is a work-in-progress and not the finished product.
> Librarian will be constantly updated and is not yet ready for its first release. But soon it will be.

> The librarian is the torchbearer, inheriting the legacy of the next library's vision, nurturing its spirit, and guiding its evolution into the future.

Created with the intention of being a simple and easy-to-use book management system, Librarian is a desktop application build over web technologies, that allows you to manage your book collection. You can add, remove, and edit books, authors, categories and much more.

## Current Status

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This project is currently **under development** and is **NOT** yet ready for its first release.
> Currently you can use the development version of the application running `pnpm run dev`, but if you try to build the application probably you will face
> with the issue of the database have no the tables created. This is because the database is created in the first run of the application with no prisma migration.
> To solve this issue you can copy the `prisma/database.db` file to the your `userData` directory.

### Discussions

- Should we still using prisma or try another ORM/Database?

## 📷 Showcase

| Light                                                                                                   | Dark                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![light](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/3cf8a24d-9401-4bd7-a0ee-aa8197afa69a)   | ![dark_1](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/a194cacd-b26b-4351-849d-61cf6dd1eeb6) |
| ![light_2](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/2d3baff0-da34-42e8-8696-01be7c322f9b) | ![dark_2](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/assets/51010598/1934be35-085e-4019-a974-3ade73516f99) |

- **Simple and intuitive**: Librarian is designed to be easy to use, with a clean, modern and intuitive interface.
- **Escalable**: Librarian is built with scalability in mind, so you can manage your entire book collection with ease. Thanks to its database system, you can store as many data as you want.
- **Open Source**: Librarian is open source, so you can contribute to its development, report bugs, or suggest new features.
- **Cross-platform**: Librarian is built with web technologies, so it can run on Windows, macOS, and Linux.
- **Privacy**: Librarian does not collect any data from its users, so you can use it with peace of mind. Your data is stored locally on your computer.

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Go to the [releases](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/releases) page and download the latest version of Librarian for your operating system.
2. Install the application on your computer.
3. Open the application and start managing your book collection.

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/CMOISDEAD/librarian/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.
